
---
# DeviceOn

DeviceOn Introduction  
https://docs.wise-paas.advantech.com/en/Guides_and_API_References/ApplicationServices/1564727799415968385/

---
# EdgeSense software

AgentLite-Node.js  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/AgentLite-Node.js

AlarmEvent  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/AlarmEvent

Configuration Tool  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Configuration_Tool

Edge Sense LoRa GW Solution  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Edge_Sense_LoRa_GW_Solution

Edge Sense LoRa GW Solution internal  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Edge_Sense_LoRa_GW_Solution_internal

EnOcean Link Solution  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/EnOcean_Link_Solution

EnOcean Link Solution Grafana Demo  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/EnOcean_Link_Solution_Grafana_Demo

EnOcean Link Solution internal  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/EnOcean_Link_Solution_internal

Gantt-chart-for-TLS  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Gantt-chart-for-TLS

iAlarm  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/IAlarm

Modbus Handler v1.0  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Modbus_Handler_v1.0

Modbus Master  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Modbus_Master

Modbus Service  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Modbus_Service

MQTT Broker  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/MQTT_Broker

ODBC Service  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/ODBC_Service

ODBC Service internal  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/ODBC_Service_internal

OPC-UA Client  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/OPC-UA_Client

POC-Battery  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/POC-Battery

SNMP-NMS  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/SNMP-NMS

Uartmgr  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Uartmgr

WASCADA Service  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/WASCADA_Service

---
# EdgeSense doc

Edge Sense Knowledge Sharing  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Edge_Sense_Knowledge_Sharing

---

Deploy Tensorflow to K8S  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Deploy_Tensorflow_to_K8S

Distributed Tensorflow in Kubernetes  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Distributed_Tensorflow_in_Kubernetes

Edge AI Server-EdgeSense  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Edge_AI_Server-EdgeSense

EdgeSense AI Service  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/EdgeSense_AI_Service

Install Kubeflow with KSonnet  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Install_Kubeflow_with_KSonnet

Jupyter Notebooks in Kubernetes  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Jupyter_Notebooks_in_Kubernetes

Moby  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Moby

Note of Helm  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Note_of_Helm

Note Kubeflow  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Note_Kubeflow

Note of TensorFlow  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Note_of_TensorFlow

K8S Nvidia Device Plugin  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/K8S_Nvidia_Device_Plugin

K8S TF Serving with ksonnet  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/K8S_TF_Serving_with_ksonnet

K8S TF Serving with yaml  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/K8S_TF_Serving_with_yaml

Kubernetes  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Kubernetes

Persistent Volume  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Persistent_Volume

Private Repository-Nexus  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Private_Repository-Nexus

Run a TensorFlow Docker Sample  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Run_a_TensorFlow_Docker_Sample

Support CUDA in docker  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Support_CUDA_in_docker

TensorFlow in Docker  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/TensorFlow_in_Docker

---

EdgeX  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/EdgeX

EdgeX-EdgeSense  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/EdgeX-EdgeSense

EdgeX Handler  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/EdgeX_Handler

Introduce to DeviceService & Protocol  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Introduce_to_DeviceService_%26_Protocol

Setup EdgeX in Win10  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Setup_EdgeX_in_Win10

WiseAgent Device Service  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/WiseAgent_Device_Service

---

Intel AI Solution  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Intel_AI_Solution

---

EdgeSense Portal  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/EdgeSense_Portal

Edge Sense  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Edge_Sense

Edge Customer Service  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Edge_Customer_Service

EdgeSense Open Source  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/EdgeSense_Open_Source

ELog  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/ELog

Node.js application as Windows service  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Node.js_application_as_Windows_service

NodeRED for EdgeSense  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/NodeRED_for_EdgeSense

Note of Porting RMM Agent 3.3  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Note_of_Porting_RMM_Agent_3.3

---

Build Southbound service with Feature-Plugin  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Build_Southbound_service_with_Feature-Plugin

Connectivity/AdvHeartBeat  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Connectivity/AdvHeartBeat

Connectivity/Agent Communication Protocol in MQTT  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Connectivity/Agent_Communication_Protocol_in_MQTT

Data Flow  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Data_Flow

EdgeSense Southbound Service Development  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/EdgeSense_Southbound_Service_Development

Edge Services  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Edge_Services

Edge Service Installation  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Edge_Service_Installation

EI-Agent Handshake Protocol  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/EI-Agent_Handshake_Protocol

EI-Agent Sample Client  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/EI-Agent_Sample_Client

EI-Connect to EI-PaaS Protocol  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/EI-Connect_to_EI-PaaS_Protocol

EIS Docker Container Base  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/EIS_Docker_Container_Base

EIS RESTfulAPI ProcWSNData  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/EIS_RESTfulAPI_ProcWSNData

EIS Service Protocol  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/EIS_Service_Protocol

How to Develop Customized Plugin Step by Step  
http://advgitlab.eastasia.cloudapp.azure.com/WISE-PaaS-Documentation/Documentation/blob/master/documents/RMM/Agent/123-plugin.md

IoTGateway/DataProcess  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/IoTGateway/DataProcess

IoTGateway/WiseSnail  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/IoTGateway/WiseSnail

Local Provision  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Local_Provision

MCU/WISE-1520 SDK  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/MCU/WISE-1520_SDK

PMQ Framework  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/PMQ_Framework

RMM Restful API  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/wiki/images/1/15/WISE-PaaS_RMM_3.2_REST_API_DG_V1.0.pdf

Sensor Hub MCU/WISEAgent  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Sensor_Hub_MCU/WISEAgent

WISE-3610 LoRa Gateway  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/WISE-3610_LoRa_Gateway

WISE-Agent  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/WISE-Agent

WISE-PaaS 2.0 EI-Agent  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/WISE-PaaS_2.0_EI-Agent

WISE-PaaS/2.0 Protocol  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/WISE-PaaS/2.0_Protocol

WISE-PaaS/OTA Agent  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/WISE-PaaS/OTA_Agent

WISE-PaaS/RMM 3.1  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/wiki/images/e/e8/WISE-PaaS_RMM_3.1_WISE-Agent_Command_Format_DG_V1.2.pdf

WISE-PaaS/RMM 3.2  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/wiki/images/9/97/WISE-PaaS_RMM_3.2_Server_UM_V1.3.pdf

WISE-PaaS/RMM Agent  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/WISE-PaaS/RMM_Agent

Rule Engine  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Rule_Engine

Docker Image for developing  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Docker_Image_for_developing

---

EdgeSense Coding Style and Rule  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/EdgeSense_Coding_Style_and_Rule

---

EI-Connect Handshake Protocol  
http://wise-paas-documentation.docs.wise-paas.com/Documentation/#!documents/EI-Connect/handshake-protocol.md

WISE-Agent Introduction  
http://docs.wise-paas.advantech.com/en/Guides_and_API_References/Data_Acquisition/1565232684992916407/1565232757839214046/

DeviceOn Introduction  
http://docs.wise-paas.advantech.com/en/Guides_and_API_References/ApplicationServices/1564727799415968385/1564727878040194797/

---
# Knowledge

AdvancedInstaller  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/AdvancedInstaller

Electron Notes  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Electron_Notes

Microsoft SQL Server  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Microsoft_SQL_Server

NodeJS  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/NodeJS_Knowledge

Node.js application as Windows service  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Node.js_application_as_Windows_service

Vue.js Notes  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Vue.js_Notes

Web  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Web_Knowledge

---
# HackMD

New API-Gateway API for WISE-Agent  
https://hackmd.io/xmUFKy4iTuu-0d7sgrjqYA

Design rules for API-GW  
https://hackmd.io/@uO8IVd88TQuLZ4exNN3tag/BJLykeDtH

Note of DS-100 with Debian  
https://hackmd.io/_nv-VEr2TXGvICgj-LnL1Q

NCTU WSN Device SDK  
https://hackmd.io/@uO8IVd88TQuLZ4exNN3tag/S1FZo0Y0r

Create a .Net Core C# program  
https://hackmd.io/@uO8IVd88TQuLZ4exNN3tag/rkoYhQRHr

Service Mgt  
https://hackmd.io/HosySehgRTWar6NhiX11VQ

iAlarm Notification  
https://hackmd.io/@uO8IVd88TQuLZ4exNN3tag/r1q14o9Fr

使用Vue開發Self-web  
https://hackmd.io/mvwr9Z80TT-fUsTGvH2z-w

Self-Web  
https://hackmd.io/@uO8IVd88TQuLZ4exNN3tag/Sk9wq9PaH

Self-Web Front-End  
https://hackmd.io/b6DCWDhhTzCqV0yBpOZczw

Self-Web Back-end (Plug-in)  
https://hackmd.io/@uO8IVd88TQuLZ4exNN3tag/Bkg-cB0zU

E2I Back-end System  
https://hackmd.io/@uO8IVd88TQuLZ4exNN3tag/B1wgFwyrL

EdgeSense Software Packing Rule  
https://hackmd.io/IwtMX99CTviOlwzVsd2eug

User Manual  
https://hackmd.io/@uO8IVd88TQuLZ4exNN3tag/HkRx4P_B8

User Manual - E2I APP Server  
https://hackmd.io/@uO8IVd88TQuLZ4exNN3tag/SyiPHyoLI

Note of local Data base  
https://hackmd.io/@uO8IVd88TQuLZ4exNN3tag/rJI4HJ1vU

Note of ElasticSearch  
https://hackmd.io/@uO8IVd88TQuLZ4exNN3tag/Ska5xynO8

Note of SEMI/GEN  
https://hackmd.io/@uO8IVd88TQuLZ4exNN3tag/SJTxWgVtU

Doc embedded in Web  
https://hackmd.io/@uO8IVd88TQuLZ4exNN3tag/BJUkl1mOU

Note of E2I Customization Dashboard  
https://hackmd.io/@uO8IVd88TQuLZ4exNN3tag/Skjx0QVFL

Note of A+B=C  
https://hackmd.io/@uO8IVd88TQuLZ4exNN3tag/Hkli2EPpB

Survey Database  
https://hackmd.io/bGUqClAHQOa1jKdQFpiibg

---
# MISC

Server List  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/Server_List

AIMLinux/AddOn/DeviceOn  
http://ess-wiki.advantech.com.tw/view/AIMLinux/AddOn/DeviceOn

